feat(content) Quarg: Giving their engines unique flavor & capabilities (#7842)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/quarg/quarg outfits.txt

	"engine capacity" -70
	"thrust" 80
	"thrusting energy" 20
	"thrusting heat" 2
	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	"flare sprite" "effect/medium graviton flare"

> 	description "Quarg thrusters are quite powerful for their size and produce very little heat, but at the cost of consuming immense amounts of energy. Quarg engines are somehow capable of making their ship act as if it was heavier when affected by external hit forces, but also lighter when it is moving the ship"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Quarg thrusters are quite powerful for their size and produce very little heat, but at the cost of consuming immense amounts of energy."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect given the thrust of their engines, while also taking less impact from external forces."
```

	"engine capacity" -50
	"turn" 1600
	"turning energy" 10
	"turning heat" 1
	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	"steering flare sprite" "effect/medium graviton flare"

> 	description "Quarg steering engines are as similarly impressive as their thrusters in how much energy they consume. The Quarg don't seem to be bothered by this cost though, given the unmatched strength of their reactors. Like their thrusters, Quarg steering engines are also capable of making their ship respond to external impacts as if it was much more massive, while simultaneously responding to internal propulsive forces as if it were much lighter."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Quarg steering engines are as similarly impressive as their thrusters in how much energy they consume. The Quarg don't seem to be bothered by this cost though, given the unmatched strength of their reactors."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect given the thrust of their engines, while also taking less impact from external forces."
```
